Guido was not like his friends, he was very different.
He had big legs, short nails and his mouth looked like a duck beak. His growl sounded like a trumpet.
He was a dinosaur that really loved the forest, the only place where he could eat, sleep and play.
He was very proud of his leaf collection. Guido picked and stored them very carefully.
Although, sometimes he would eat some of them when hungry.
One day he came across a different kind of leaf
And he decided to collect some and leave them to mark his path
The end of the road was very dissapointing:
a long trip to the South just to see a tree that had not much to offer.
However, he did not get discouraged, he stayed to see until the tree begins to sprout
Despite the cold, he kept waiting…
At the end, it all ended up being his friends playing a joke on him
HAHAHA He’s got a bare tree!
Finally, no one leave grown in that tree
Guido decided to go back to the forest where he was born
Where everyone was happy…..
Except for Guido, who only wanted to sleep
The biggets fire of the Cretaceous period started while he was sleeping
The forest is on fire! Nobody could do anything but see the burning forest
In a few minutes, everything was gone!
But far from there, in a remote corner, something was safe:
Guido's tree! <size=40>Ta ta!</size>
A bare tree? How can it be useful? His friends said.
Guido had an idea: to use all the leaves he collected
And stick them to the bare tree
Thus with cleverness he could restore hope
Thanks to the leaves collected by Guido, the Patagonian forest could grow again
Only those who can read leaves will be able to find Guido
This tale is inspired by the scientific research carried out by a group of peleonthologists that has unveiled new information about the little known last period of the the Age of Dinosaurs, the Upper Cretaceous (more than 66 million years ago). In 2013, researchers from the Chilean Antarctic Institute, Universities of Chile, Concepcion and Heidelberg (Germany) and the Natural History Museums of Chile and Karlsruhe (Ger) found the first traces of dinosaurs in Chilean Patagonia. They also found leaves belonging to Nothofagus trees, considered the oldest in South America. Both findings are concrete evidence of a land bridge that once connected South America and Antarctica by the end of the Age of Dinosaurs.
This book was funded by an Art Development Grant 2015, National Council on Culture and the Arts. This is a free book. You can find more information at: <color=yellow>www.tipografico.cl/guido</color>
Starring
Tito
As the Titanosaur
Coco
The Cocorile from the past
The Abelis
the Abelisaurus family
Juanin
And his father Juan. The marine turtles
Guido
As Guido the Hadrosaurus